 workflow orchestration means governing your data flow in a way that respects orchestration rules and your business logic now

 data flow is what binds and otherwise disparate set of applications together

 workflow orchestration tool is going to allow you to turn any code into a workflow that you can schedule, run and observe

 Workflow orchestration is focused on the efficiency of business processes, while data orchestration is focused on the quality and accuracy of data.

Workflow orchestration is the process of automating and coordinating the steps in a business process. 

Data orchestration, on the other hand, is the process of managing the data used in a workflow. 

These two concepts are often confused, but they are actually quite different. 

Workflow orchestration is about automating the steps in a process, while data orchestration is about managing the data used in a workflow.

While both workflow and data orchestration are important for businesses, they serve different purposes. 

Workflow orchestration is focused on the efficiency of business processes, while data orchestration is focused on the quality and accuracy of data.

workflow orchestration merupakan membuat algoritma berjalan dengan otomatis sesuai dengan waktu yang telah ditentukan pada proses bisnis.

data orchestration merupakan  mengelola serta mengkoordinasikan data dari banyak sumber menjadi data yang dapat dipakai dalam proses bisnis.

data orchestration fokus untuk nyiapin data buat bisnis,sementara workflow orchestration menyusun algoritma bedasarkan proses bisnis secara efisien dan dijalankan secara otomatis.

data orchestration hanya nyiapin data tetapi tidak secara otomatis.

kalau nyiapin data secara otomatis disebut data flow orchestration

so Data flow orchestration tools automate data flow management within a system

bedanya workflow dan data,workflow itu task atau alur kerjanya sementara data itu bahan yang diperlukan.

tanpa tugas atau alur kerja kita ngga bisa ngapain,tapi tanpa data kita tidak bisa mengelola apapun.

intinya workflow orchestration itu menjalankan sebuah alur kerja ataupun lebih dari satu alur kerja secara otomatis.

intinya data orchestration itu mengelola data supaya bisa digunakan, dan kalau mau mengelola nya secara otomatis menggunakan tools.

nah tools yang dimaksud dalam data orchestration ialah workflow orchestration,yang menjalankan tugas secara otomatis.

What are the types of orchestration? 

The orchestration process involves executing a set of tasks or activities in a specific order within a system to control the flow of data or work. 

There are several types of orchestration, including:

- Workflow orchestration

- Data orchestration

- Application orchestration

- Infrastructure orchestration
